cmake: add logic to download ffmpeg for win32 (#190)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Video-Samples: BUILD.md

- [Vulkan SDK](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/sdk/home#windows)
  - Install current Vulkan SDK (i.e. VulkanSDK-1.4.304.0-Installer.exe or later)
  - Make sure to install the the correct SDK for the targeted system arch - x86_64 or ARM64
- FFMPEG libraries (ONLY for Windows)
  - FFmpeg is downloaded automatically during CMake configuration from https://github.com/BtbN/FFmpeg-Builds/releases
  - The download is skipped if the libraries are already present in `vk_video_decoder\bin\libs\ffmpeg\<platform>\lib`
  - To disable automatic download, pass `-DDOWNLOAD_FFMPEG=OFF` to CMake

>   - To download manually instead, get the latest version of the FFMPEG shared libraries archive from https://github.com/BtbN/FFmpeg-Builds/releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - To download manually instead before the CMake configure, get the version of the FFMPEG shared libraries archive from any desired source.
```

>     - The archive must have the following pattern in the name:

Reviewer: Not really necessary

Author: I agree, line removed.
